okay welcome back you know my mother
always wanted me to be a dentist so in
this next piece I play a dentist good
news for my mom bad news for this woman
so where do you work and the name of
your last dance class I can't understand
you glad John it's not jealous Phyllis
Jerry no
yeah very good
I got a Finland that's a little
sensitive yeah let's open that up
Marsha this is a tiny office I think
I'll be skinny sure I can get in my
Jerry what what are you doing what are
you doing I want to do that cavity okay
what's my Nona do you need authorized to
wait on the patient what do you mean I'm
not even an intern oh the door anything
there's not a dentist
not even a technician what you're gonna
let me fill a cab I'm sorry my son isn't
authorized to even talk to a patient
okay let's give her novocaine dad please
can I ask you then can I let you know
that you're on my hidden camera show
called the Jamie Kennedy experiment
hey thanks
goodnight